Dr Clef's Proposal

Item #: SCP-001

Object Class: Euclid/Keter

Special Containment Procedures:
Because of the nature of SCP-001, no containment procedures are necessary.
24/7 monitoring of SCP-001 is to take place from a safe (10 km+) distance from a pre-determined location (Site 0).
The location of Site 0 is known only to the current SCP Administrator and the single Overseer-level Agent of Abrahamic faith (O5-14) assigned to monitor SCP-001 from Site 0.
Said Agent is authorized to take any action necessary should SCP-001 become active,
and is required to immediately alert the Administrator and all other Overseer-level agents should SCP-001 show any change in behavior,
as this may constitute the beginning of a PATMOS XK-class end-of-the-world scenario.

Should SCP-001 become active in any way, personnel are required to immediately consult the Patmos series of Emergency Orders.
Decoding algorithms for Emergency Order Patmos are to be maintained on-site at Site 0 in the possession of the designated observer,
and are to be transmitted to SCP Foundation offices only in the event of SCP-001 becoming active.
Foundation Personnel with vital roles in one or more variants of Emergency Procedure PATMOS are to be advised to take the following precautions:

•To maintain good relations with one or more organized Abrahamic faiths.

•To maintain, on hand, a supply of the following: holy water, a rosary, crucifix, cross, prayer rug,
or other symbol blessed by an Abrahamic cleric of bishop or equivalent higher rank,
a copy of Abrahamic scriptures (Torah, Bible, Quran), and standard emergency supplies in mobile form (bug-out bag).

•In case of a premillenial rapture scenario, all vital personnel are to designate a secondary operative of non-Abrahamic faith.
Said secondary operative is to be informed of the location of the primary designate's copy of Emergency Procedure PATMOS and memetic kill agent innoculant,
and is to be kept on ready status to take over the primary's duties as necessary.

•To maintain familiarity with all other SCPs involved in possible PATMOS XK-class end-of-the-world scenarios.

Description:
SCP-001 is a humanoid entity, approximately seven hundred (700) cubits in height,
located in an undisclosed location near the intersection of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers.
The following features are known about the entity:

•A number of luminous, wing-like appendages emerging from the shoulders, back, temples, ankles, and wrists of the entity.
Although an accurate count has never been established,
most observers place the number of wings at anywhere from two (2) through one hundred and eight (108),
with the mean number being four (4).

•A weapon, possibly a sword or knife (SCP-001-2).
The weapon appears to emit flames at a temperature rivaling that of the sun, based on spectrographic analysis,
although there appear to be no destructive effects from the intense heat on the surrounding area.
Any entity that approaches within 1 km of SCP-001 is immediately struck by the weapon and obliterated from existence.
Any and all hostile actions taken towards SCP-001 have resulted in the annihilation of the attacker,
regardless of range (see incident report re: Indian Ocean Submarine Missile Experiment, December 26, 2004)

•SCP-001 appears to be standing with its head bowed in a gesture of supplication with SCP-001-2 held in both hands point-down in front of it.
Since originally recorded by the Founder over [DATA REDACTED] years ago, SCP-001 has not deviated from this stance.

•Human beings exposed to SCP-001 report hearing a voice in their heads,
giving them a directive which the subject reports cannot be disobeyed.
The most common directive is "FORGET",
which results in the subject walking away from SCP-001 with no memory of having encountered it.
On rare occasions, however, other directives have been given:
the most famous of these is the one given to the Founder ("PREPARE"),
which he has claimed formed the impetus for founding [DATA REDACTED] to catalog and contain any and all supernatural and/or paranormal artifacts that represent a serious threat to the current existence of humanity.
This is the organization now known as the SCP Foundation.

•Observers have reported that SCP-001 appears to be standing in front of a gate of immense proportions.
Long-range photographs have occasionally detected what appears to be a pastoral grove within,
containing numerous other entities of the same composition as SCP-001, as well as several fruit trees of unknown composition.
Of particular note are two fruit trees of immense proportion near what appears to be the center of the grove:
one, it is noted, appears to be an ordinary apple tree, although the other bears a fruit unknown on earth,
described as [DATA EXPUNGED].

It is the avowed belief of the Founder that the gate which SCP-001 guards may be the gate to [EXPUNGED] based on correlations with ancient Babylonian texts and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
In which case, one can deduce that the entity known as SCP-001 may be [EXPUNGED].